Trey,
my daddy Joe Rogan podcast by night all day.
Well they a,
Khabib and Tony are going to fight again though,
right?
Aren't they totally wants to do to the culture.
But here's the thing that makes a bead might not be able to make that weight.
And you know,
since Kelvin missed wait a couple of times and Dana forced him to find it,
one 85 I mean,
it makes sense that Dana goes,
dude,
you got to do one 70 at least once or twice,
but we only missed one.
Go up in weight to fight him.
Well,
he only missed weight once or twice.
Twice,
twice.
Tony,
a huge filter again against anybody's tall,
but he's not.
He's like,
Tony is like five ten five 11 Tony's bill perfect for the division and he's got,
he's got a lot of muscle.
Even though he's long.
He's very strong.
He's excellent in the clinch.
I was looking forward to that fight so much.
My heart,
how big is it?
Could be,
it could be.
Got a huge frame.
It's a tank.
No,
he doesn't have a nutritionist.
He doesn't talk.
He's not,
you're not being professionals.
He's thick.
Did you hear what Tony told to get done and wondering when they were like doing
media and it could be with saying something like why do you get your sunglasses
on?
It's like 27 and he's like good luck or their weight cut.
Yeah,
I hear him breathing cause your cardio sucks cause your cardio son.
I said Tony said to him,
do they have to make it at 55 because what do you do with that fucking bet?
That interim title
fight Floyd.
What the,
we can't just fucking happened the five but don't you think that that's the
fight that has to be made in that division,
right.
That's the tone.
If it's,
but if he can't make one 55 can he needs to get real and get a fucking die.
I don't know what happened to him.
We don't eat Tiramisu the week of,
I know that he did the corn on the embed and Tony even tweet out like for
shirtless fucking eat Tiramisu.
He really ate Tiramisu that it was on an embedded video.
Whoa.
That's how he smelled it.
He was like,
have fun making weight.
Why here you helped put him puffin garden.
You have to make that fight and can be,
you can do it.
He just said he's made it before,
but we don't know what happened when he had to go to the fucking hospital.
They said he was in massive pain.
Like hold on a second.
Rockhold you're right.
But Luke Rockhold said something.
There was some quote that I had read.
God Damn it.
What did it,
see?
What,
what they said about what,
what did,
uh,
bebes corner list as the official issue that was happening to him.
He was six pounds overweight,
right?
Yes.
When he went to the hospital.
That's huge.
That's so heavy.
You're so heavy when your body's your body shutting down,
like you're six pounds away and your body's shutting down.
Come in the week of the fight.
Yeah.
But obviously fucked up with his,
uh,
his discipline if he's eating Tiramisu.
If that's true,
that's even more disappointing.
Maybe you just had a bite,
but either way you don't have a,
and I'm not saying it's the answer.
You don't have a mic dolce or one of these guys who are helping you with your
diet.
Right.
Tony's downlinks up and wait to find them.
You can't do that can make sense for Tony.
It makes sense for Tony mean that he wants to fight this guy,
but for the division,
it's so weird.
It's like,
well,
what is this?
What's the division?
What is this guy puts the entire fights bigger than what the division looks
like.
That fight,
that fight needs to happen.
I agree too.
I agree.
I agree with that.
That handles all this other shit's going on.
Mayweather and Garner all this other shit and that's the GSB Bisbing goes here
it goes medical,
it says a weight loss,
weight management,
medical issues.
He was treated and it's been discharged.
That doesn't say what the issue is.
This the official us.
See,
see if you could find out.
I feel like I read an article that was interviewing Luke Rockhold.
Rockhold was talking about what happened to [inaudible] Dot Gov Ah,
did you see Dana though?
He goes,
if you,
if you will,
we maybe could have safe drinking.
He gave him a beer.
This isn't beer.
What is it?
Oh Shit.
Free.
Someone gave the Gremlin water after midnight.
No,
but Dana was saying panicles on beer.
Oh,
I'm having one.
That's one.
I knew that the cow.
I got a copy.
You can't leave a guy drinking by himself.
That was the moment the wheels fell off the podcast.
Okay,
here it is.
This is what I read.
Habib wasn't getting any blood to his liver.
Oh,
this is what Luke Rockhold says.
Look,
that is fucking real bad.
So scroll down and let's,
let's see what Luke Rockhold.
It says the weight cut wasn't going very well.
Khabib was complaining about a pain in his side and we had to cut short the
weight cut and sure enough it gets worse.
Over nine had to go to the hospital.
Unfortunately,
this is the fight I was really looking for,
blah,
blah.
From what I understand,
he wasn't getting any blood to his liver and something went wrong with his
weight cut.
It's very similar to his last fight.
What I understand and just something went wrong.
You never know what these weight cuts.
I guess,
but I think he's ready to go and we can rebook this.
That what is,
he was,
no,
he's a training partner.
He's a AK guys to a hundred pounds heavier training partner.
Yeah.
Well,
from the same gym.
Yes.
I mean,
it obviously ain't a hundred pounds.
He's a big deal.
Does he walk around?
That could be,
yeah.
Shit.
I Dunno.
I don't wanna miss the speak.
I'd assume high seventies yeah.
Looks like it,
right?
Yeah.
And he ain't fat.
No.
They got to make that fight,
man.
That's the fight.
I'd say that's the Madison would have been when a fight fell through.
Like when John and a child thing.
I really wasn't that mad.
There's been other fights.
Uh,
John D C I wasn't that upset.
This one.
I was pissed,
man.
I was really upset.
Tony was on fire,
his camp,
everything was perfect.
It was on such a good fighter.
Okay.